fix(mobile): mobile intro structure (#13860)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/get-started/introduction-mobile-monitoring.mdx

import mobileNextSteps from 'images/mobile_diagram_next-steps.webp'

> New Relic's mobile monitoring capabilities provide deeper visibility into the performance and crash troubleshooting of your [Android](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-android), [iOS](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-ios), and hybrid applications. You can use mobile monitoring to improve your app's user experience or examine HTTP and network performance to collaborate more effectively with your backend teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Relic's mobile monitoring capabilities provide deeper visibility into the performance and crash troubleshooting of your [Android](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-android), [iOS](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-ios), or hybrid mobile applications. You can use mobile monitoring to improve your app's user experience or examine HTTP and network performance to collaborate more effectively with your backend teams.
```

> You'll be able to configure mobile monitoring to suit your environment after you create a New Relic account (it's free, forever!) and install mobile monitoring for your Android, iOS, or hybrid environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you follow our easy install flow, you'll be able to further configure mobile monitoring to suit your mobile environment.
```

> Choose your platform-specific page to get started:
> 
> ## Create an app and install your agent: [#install]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an app and install your agent: [#install]

Choose your platform-specific page to get started:
```

Reviewer: Generally we don't use colons for headers, and instead use them with preface sentences before instructions.

Reviewer: Since these links aren't directly to the UI (where the user would create an app and install the agent), consider renaming this to a general "Get started with mobile monitoring" or something.

<DocTiles>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-android"
        title="Android"
    >
        
    </DocTile>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ios/get-started/introduction-new-relic-mobile-ios"
        title="iOS"
    >
        
    </DocTile>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-monitoring-react-native/monitor-your-react-native-application"

>         title="ReactNative"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        title="React Native"
```

    >
        
    </DocTile>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-flutter/monitor-your-flutter-application"
        title="Flutter"
    >
        
    </DocTile>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-ionic-capacitor/get-started/introduction-new-relic-ionic-capacitor"
        title="Capacitor"
    >
        
    </DocTile>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-cordova-phonegap/get-started-with-cordova-monitoring"
        title="Cordova"
    >
        
    </DocTile>
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-maui-dotnet/monitor-your-net-maui-application"
        title=".NET MAUI"
    >
        
    </DocTile>

>     <DocTile
>         path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-xamarin/monitor-your-xamarin-application"
>         title="Xamarin"    >
>         

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <DocTile
        path="/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-xamarin/monitor-your-xamarin-application"
        title="Xamarin"    
    >
        
```

    </DocTile>

</DocTiles>  
After installing your agent, explore uses for mobile monitoring:

> ## Use mobile monitoring as a tool for crash analysis: [#crash-analysis]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use mobile monitoring as a tool for crash analysis [#crash-analysis]
```

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="alert"
    title="1. Receive alert notifications about crashes"
  >

>     [Set up alerts](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/get-started/mobile-monitoring-alert-information/#conditions) to receive alert notifications straight to your mobile device when your users are experiencing app crashes. Locate an overview of app performance on the [Summary](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/mobile-app-pages/mobile-apps-overview-page) page and filter for relevant data by specifying your app version and using the [time picker](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/manage-your-dashboard/#dash-time-picker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Set up alerts](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/get-started/mobile-monitoring-alert-information/#conditions) to receive alert notifications straight to your mobile device when your users are experiencing app crashes. See an overview of your app's performance on the [Summary](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/mobile-app-pages/mobile-apps-overview-page) page, where you can filter for relevant data by a specific app version and [time range](/docs/query-your-data/explore-query-data/dashboards/manage-your-dashboard/#dash-time-picker).
```

  <Collapser
    id="crash-analysis"
    title="2. Use crash analysis to pinpoint errors"
  >

>     Click the **Crashes** chart title on the mobile **Summary** page. The [**Crash analysis** page](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/crashes/crash-analysis-group-filter-your-crashes) will open with the same time frame and version filters. Observe data about your crashes by looking at crash type to examine the exception, location, and error message. You can also examine the stack trace, interaction trail, and event trail to understand where users were impacted. With this data, you can quickly identify and remedy errors, and restore your mobile app performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click the **Crashes** chart title on the mobile **Summary** page. The [**Crash analysis** page](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/crashes/crash-analysis-group-filter-your-crashes) will open with the same time frame and version filters. Observe data about your crashes by looking at crash type to examine the exception, location, and error message. You can also examine the stack trace, interaction trail, and event trail to understand where users were impacted. With this data, you can quickly identify and remedy errors, and restore your app performance.
```

    <figcaption>
      An example of using the **Crash analysis** page to track down the cause for crashes for a new release by examining the exception, location, and error message.
    </figcaption>
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

> ## Identify opportunities to speed app performance [#speed-performance]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Identify opportunities to speed up app performance [#speed-performance]
```

"Speed up" or "improve" would work slightly better here

* Create [dashboards](/docs/dashboards/new-relic-one-dashboards/get-started/introduction-new-relic-one-dashboards) to query, visualize, and share performance data.
* Identify [handled exceptions](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/crashes/introduction-mobile-handled-exceptions) to streamline workflows.
* See trends with sessions, devices, geographical locations, operating systems, carriers, requests and responses, etc. with [crash profiles](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/crashes/crash-analysis-group-filter-your-crashes) and [HTTP profiles](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/network-pages/mobile-http-error-profiles-find-error-causes).
* Set up [alert notifications](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile/getting-started/alert-information-new-relic-mobile) for execution time, errors, etc.
* Define [custom attributes and events](/docs/insights/insights-data-sources/custom-events/insert-custom-events-attributes-mobile-data) to obtain additional, specific details about the mobile data that matters the most to your organization.

## Monitor backend issues [#backend]

> You can use the [network pages](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/network-pages) in our mobile monitoring UI to identify problems that surface through HTTP requests, errors, and other network issues. You can also [query your data](/docs/using-new-relic/data/understand-data/query-new-relic-data). Then create <InlinePopover type="dashboards" /> and share this information with backend API developer teams and others in your organization to help improve the overall end user experience with your mobile app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [network pages](/docs/mobile-monitoring/mobile-monitoring-ui/network-pages) in our mobile monitoring UI to identify problems that surface through HTTP requests, errors, and other network issues. You can also [query your data](/docs/using-new-relic/data/understand-data/query-new-relic-data) and create custom <InlinePopover type="dashboards" />  to share with teams like backend API developers.
```

    <figcaption>
      An example of using the **Crash analysis** page to track down the cause for crashes for a new release by examining the exception, location, and error message.
    </figcaption>
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

> ## Identify opportunities to speed app performance: [#speed-performance]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Identify opportunities to speed app performance [#speed-performance]
```
